docs/index.md, before:

---
page_title: "Provider: Prodvana"
description: |-
  Use the Prodvana provider to interact with Prodvana resources, and integrate them with existing IaC workflows.
---

# Prodvana Provider

The Prodvana Provider is used to interact with Prodvana resources. For example, you can create a Prodvana Release Channel
where you are already creating the infrastructure required to deploy to that Release Channel.

To authenticate with Prodvana you need to provide your Organization's `org_slug` and a valid
Prodvana API Token [API token](https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/api-tokens-1).

These can be passed to the provider block in your Terraform configuration:

```terraform
# org_slug and api_token can also be passed as environment variables:
# export PVN_ORG_SLUG=my-org
# export PVN_API_TOKEN=<api-token>

variable "api_token" {
  type = string
}

provider "prodvana" {
  org_slug  = "my-org"
  api_token = var.api_token
}
```

Or they can be provided as environment variables:

- `PVN_ORG_SLUG`
- `PVN_API_TOKEN`

## See Also

- [Prodvana Documentation](https://docs.prodvana.io)

Commit message:

add back generated schema markdown for provider docs

docs/index.md, after:

---
page_title: "Provider: Prodvana"
description: |-
  Use the Prodvana provider to interact with Prodvana resources, and integrate them with existing IaC workflows.
---

# Prodvana Provider

The Prodvana Provider is used to interact with Prodvana resources. For example, you can create a Prodvana Release Channel
where you are already creating the infrastructure required to deploy to that Release Channel.

To authenticate with Prodvana you need to provide your Organization's `org_slug` and a valid
Prodvana API Token [API token](https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/api-tokens-1).

These can be passed to the provider block in your Terraform configuration:

```terraform
# org_slug and api_token can also be passed as environment variables:
# export PVN_ORG_SLUG=my-org
# export PVN_API_TOKEN=<api-token>

variable "api_token" {
  type = string
}

provider "prodvana" {
  org_slug  = "my-org"
  api_token = var.api_token
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) An API token generated with permissions to this organization.
- `org_slug` (String) Prodvana organization to authenticate with (you can find this in your Org's url: <org>.prodvana.io)

Or they can be provided as environment variables:

- `PVN_ORG_SLUG`
- `PVN_API_TOKEN`


## See Also

- [Prodvana Documentation](https://docs.prodvana.io)
