docs/resources/k8s_runtime.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prodvana_k8s_runtime Resource - terraform-provider-prodvana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage a Prodvana Kubernetes Runtime https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/prodvana-concepts#runtime. You are responsible for managing the agent lifetime. Also see prodvana_managed_k8s_runtime.
---

# prodvana_k8s_runtime (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage a Prodvana Kubernetes [Runtime](https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/prodvana-concepts#runtime). You are responsible for managing the agent lifetime. Also see `prodvana_managed_k8s_runtime`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "prodvana_k8s_runtime" "example" {
  name = "my-k8s-runtime"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Runtime name

### Read-Only

- `agent_api_token` (String, Sensitive) API Token used for linking the Kubernetes Prodvana agent
- `agent_args` (List of String, Sensitive) Arguments to pass to the Kubernetes Prodvana agent container.
- `agent_image` (String) URL of the Kubernetes Prodvana agent container image.
- `agent_url` (String) URL of the Kubernetes Prodvana agent server
- `id` (String) Runtime identifier

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import prodvana_k8s_runtime.example <runtime name>
```

Commit message:

add label support to prodvana_k8s_runtime resource

docs/resources/k8s_runtime.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prodvana_k8s_runtime Resource - terraform-provider-prodvana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage a Prodvana Kubernetes Runtime https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/prodvana-concepts#runtime. You are responsible for managing the agent lifetime. Also see prodvana_managed_k8s_runtime.
---

# prodvana_k8s_runtime (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage a Prodvana Kubernetes [Runtime](https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/prodvana-concepts#runtime). You are responsible for managing the agent lifetime. Also see `prodvana_managed_k8s_runtime`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "prodvana_k8s_runtime" "example" {
  name = "my-k8s-runtime"
  labels = [
    {
      label = "env"
      value = "staging"
    },
    {
      label = "region"
      value = "us-central1"
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Runtime name

### Optional

- `labels` (Attributes List) List of labels to apply to the runtime (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--labels))

### Read-Only

- `agent_api_token` (String, Sensitive) API Token used for linking the Kubernetes Prodvana agent
- `agent_args` (List of String, Sensitive) Arguments to pass to the Kubernetes Prodvana agent container.
- `agent_image` (String) URL of the Kubernetes Prodvana agent container image.
- `agent_url` (String) URL of the Kubernetes Prodvana agent server
- `id` (String) Runtime identifier

<a id="nestedatt--labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `labels`

Required:

- `label` (String) Label name
- `value` (String) Label value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import prodvana_k8s_runtime.example <runtime name>
```
