---
page_title: "prodvana_release_channel Resource - terraform-provider-prodvana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage a Prodvana Release Channel https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/prodvana-concepts#release-channel.
---

# prodvana_release_channel (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage a Prodvana [Release Channel](https://docs.prodvana.io/docs/prodvana-concepts#release-channel).

## Example Usage

Here's a simple example that creates a release channel in an existing application:

```terraform
resource "prodvana_release_channel" "example" {
  name        = "my-rc"
  application = "my-app"
  runtimes = [
    {
      runtime = "default"
    }
  ]
  policy = {
    default_env = {
      "MY_ENV_VAR" = {
        value = "my value"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Here's an example of how to create an application and release channel in the same module:

```terraform
resource "prodvana_application" "app" {
  name = "my-app"
}

resource "prodvana_release_channel" "staging" {
  name        = "staging"
  application = prodvana_application.app.name
}

resource "prodvana_release_channel" "prod" {
  name        = "prod"
  application = prodvana_application.app.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application` (String) Name of the Application this Release Channel belongs to
- `name` (String) Release Channel name
- `runtimes` (Attributes List) Release Channel policy applied to all services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtimes))

### Optional

- `policy` (Attributes) Release Channel policy applied to all services (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Release channel identifier
- `version` (String) Current application version

<a id="nestedatt--runtimes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtimes`

Optional:

- `ecs_prefix` (String) Prefix used when naming ECS resources. Can only be set on an ECS Runtime.
- `k8s_namespace` (String) Optionally set a custom namespace. If not set, Prodvana will create and manage the namespace. If set, the namespace *must* already exist and Prodvana will not try to create or delete it. Can only be set on a Kubernetes Runtime.
- `name` (String) optional identifier for this runtime connection within this release channel
- `runtime` (String) name of the a runtime
- `type` (String) type of the runtime connection, one of (EXTENSION, LONG_LIVED_COMPUTE, UNKNOWN_CONNECTION)


<a id="nestedatt--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- `default_env` (Attributes Map) default environment variables for services in this Release Channel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy--default_env))

<a id="nestedatt--policy--default_env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.default_env`

Optional:

- `secret` (Attributes) Reference to a secret value stored in Prodvana. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy--default_env--secret))
- `value` (String) Non-sensitive environment variable value

<a id="nestedatt--policy--default_env--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.default_env.secret`

Optional:

- `key` (String) Name of the secret.
- `version` (String) Version of the secret

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import prodvana_release_channel.example <application name>/<release channel name>
```
